Title: Aoinagi at UPenn
Author: Volker Braun
MenuTitle: Aoinagi at UPenn


![Self Defense]({filename}/images/selfdefense.jpg){.float-right}

Aoinagi at the University of Pennsylvania has been established for
over 5 years. Sensei Dana and Sensei Fabrice Veron started the Penn
Aoinagi in September 2002. The First Class originally took place at
the Hutchinson Gym, while awaiting the completion of the constriction
of the Pottruck center. Sensei Dana and Sensei Fabrice have created an
open, positive and friendly environment that enable the students not
only to become proficient in martial art but also grow as a
person. Here at Penn the class begins and ends with the instructors
and the students coming together by forming a line and bowing to each
other signifying respect for each other. A typical class consists of
warm-up, Kihon, Kata, and Kumite. Warm-up usually lasts for 10 – 15
minutes and is done to condition the body for training. Kihon (basic)
are practiced immediately after warm-up and they involve various
blocking, punching, kicking, and other striking techniques. Kata
(form) embodies the spirit of karate, and each kata consist of a
combination of Kihon and stances. Each kata also represent a spefic
theme such as peace, respect for father, awareness, ect. There is even
a kata called Aoinagi for which our school is named after, which has
specific movements that signify the “Green Willow Tree” and its
ability to survive and endure. Kumite (sparing) is often done towards
the end of class and the students’ pair up with each other to work on
timing and learn self-defense techniques that teach how to disable and
opponent quickly and effectively.

The Penn Aoinagi is part of a larger organization where the main dojo
is based at the UCSD, San Diego, California, USA. Sensei Neville
Billimoria, a sixth degree black belt, runs the UCSD Aoinagi dojo and
the Aoinagi Ken Shu Kai organization. Aoinagi Ken Shu Kai karate is
not just another martial arts school that one might just go to the gym
and workout for a couple of hours before going home. Aoinagi promotes
a sense of unity, and gives a sense of being part of a community and
in fact many members consider Aoinagi as an extended family. Aoinagi
Karate places emphasis on mutual respect for each other and the
dojo. Dispite the distance, there are a few opportunities throughout
the year where we meet many of the Aoinagi Ken Shu Kai members. The
Penn Aoinagi hosts a yearly banquet in Philadelphia, whereby Sensei
Neville Billimoria will teach the students for two days and the
banquet is held to give the students a chance to be better acquainted
with sensei Neville and each other. In the past sensei Neville has
been joined by some of his students. The UCSD Dojo also hosts an
annual mini camp where our students have a chance to see Aoinagi in
San Diego.


Instructors: Sensei Dana and Sensei Fabrice Veron
=================================================

Sensei Dana began her training in Aoinagi karate in 1997 under Sensei
Neville Billimoria at UCSD. She received her Menkyo Sensei Certificate
in November 2007, and currently holds a second degree black belt
(Nidan). Although she is a well rounded martial art practitioner she
specializes in conflict negotiation techniques and women self
defence. Dana is a faculty in Physical Ocean Science and Engineering
at the University of Delaware.

Sensei Fabrice started training over 13 years ago. He received his
Menkyo Sensei Certificate in November 2007, and is a third degree
black belt (Sandan). He has been training in Aoinagi Karate under
Sensei Neville Billimoria at UCSD since 1995. Fabrice is a professor
of oceanography at the University of Delaware.

Sensei Dana and Sensei Fabrice live in Newark Delaware with their five
year old daughter Camille and two year old son Noah.